# https://payme.stoplight.io/docs/guides/7190ec6712209-how-to-create-new-sellers

How to Create New Sellers

This endpoint is relevant only to PayMe's partners.

In this guide you will learn how to create new sellers as a partner, whether it is via API or our white-labeled User-Interface.

Once the seller is registered, the marketplace is required to convey the required information to us through a dedicated API. Upon completion, the API will return the new seller information within our system.

Create seller via API.

As mentioned above, the partner will be required to collect certain data regarding the seller when creating a new seller. The information can be found on our API reference.

Create Seller via User-Interface

If you would like to onboard new sellers via a dedicated and white-labeled user-interface, you can use PayMe's UI and brand it with your own logo and colors. For more information, please reach out to our support.

User-Interface Onboarding Example

Onboarding explanation: creation of new Merchants would be via a dedicated link sent by the Partner. The link would walk them through a registration flow. By using it, the sellers will fill all required details PayMe needs to validate and allow the operation of the Merchant.

Can be segmentated into 3-5 steps instead of 1

Personal Contact Details:
FIELD	DESCRIPTION
First Name	Contact's first name
Last Name	Contact's last name
ID Number	Personal social ID numberEmail Address - Company's email address
Phone Number	Company's phone number
Contact Phone	Personal phone number
Contact Email	Personal Email Address
Password	Must include a number, one special character, one capital letter and one lowercase letter. At least8 characters long.
Company Details:
FIELD	DESCRIPTION
Company Name	Company legal name
Company Registration code	Company legal business number
Company Type	Sole Proprietorship, Exempt Company, Company, Registered Company, Non Profit, Limited Liability Company
Acquirer previous registration	If you already have a business code on the acquirer's network, enter it in the designated field.
Bank Account Details:
FIELD	DESCRIPTION
Bank Code	According to the list of banks
Bank Branch	Branch number
Bank account no.	Bank account number
