# https://docs.payme.io/docs/payments/567ad7df11de2-subscriptions

Subscriptions
Export
v1.0
API Base URL
Staging:
https://sandbox.payme.io/api
Production:
https://live.payme.io/api
Mock Server:
https://stoplight.io/mocks/payme/payments/194096425

Based on our payments infrastructure, you can initiate recurring payments in a few different flows.

Subscriptions
Template Subscription

Also known as “Multilink-Subscription”. Enables payments on a single subscription link, by multiple buyers. For example, you will be able to generate a single subscription and share its payment link on any social network site to allow multiple customers to pay on their own.Note: Every payment will create a new subscription with a different ID.Creation of a template subscription should be done by adding the sub_type="template" attribute to the request:

ATTRIBUTE	DESCRIPTION
sub_type	template Creates a new subscription as a template. The template subscription link does not expire.
Callbacks

We provide the option to notify of any status or action updates regarding the subscription. To use the feature it is required to provide a sub_callback_url parameter to the generate-subscription call. This URL will receive all callbacks using a POST request of type x-www-form-urlencoded.

Subscription Iteration Types
ID	DESCRIPTION
1	Daily
2	Weekly
3	Monthly
4	Yearly
Subscription Statuses
ID	DESCRIPTION
1	Initial (not yet paid)
2	Active (paid successfully)
4	Failed
5	Canceled
6	Completed
7	Failed, pending automatic retry
Subscription Callback Notification Types
NOTIFICATION	DESCRIPTION
sub-create	The subscription was created
sub-active	The subscription was paid
sub-iteration-success	Subscription iteretion passed successfully
sub-complete	The subscription's iteretations have reached its predetermined max and finished
sub-cancel	The subscription was canceled
sub-failure	An error happened and the subscription payment was failed
Generating tokens for recurring card payments

Please note that you can receive a token representing the buyer (including credit card information) as part of the generate-sale API call. This token can be used to generate future server-to-server sales without requiring the buyer to re-enter his credit card information. The token will be returned only as part of the callback.

Getting Tokens

There are two ways of getting a token:

In order to receive a token in addition to charging the credit card use the capture_buyer attribute. In order to receive a token without charging the credit card use the dedicated sale_type attribute and set the value to token.

ATTRIBUTE	DESCRIPTION
capture_buyer	1 Flag for requesting the buyer's token in addition to charging the credit card (0 - do not capture token, 1 - capture token)
sale_type	token Flag for requesting the buyer's token without charging the credit card
Charging Tokens

After generating a token you may charge the buyer at any point by using the buyer_key attribute when generating a new sale.

ATTRIBUTE	DESCRIPTION
buyer_key	XXXXXXXX-XXXXXXXX-XXXXXXXX-XXXXXXXX Buyer key for an instant-payment with the token
